Add Extension dependency diagrams (#118)
microsoft/vscode-python-environments: README.md

To consume these APIs you can look at the example here:
https://github.com/microsoft/vscode-python-environments/blob/main/src/examples/README.md

## Environments, Tools and Python Language Services

> This section is a brief overview of how the Python extension interacts with the Python Environments and Package Manager extension, and other Tools extensions. Tools extension here include Debugpy, Linters (Pylint, Flake8, Mypy, etc), Formatters (Black, autopep8, etc), and Language Server extensions (Pylance, Jedi, etc), Environment and Package Manager extensions (Pixi, Conda, Hatch, etc). 

Reviewer: We might add that the old tools will eventually go away or what is the difference between "old tools" and "new tools"

Author: @cwebster-99 One thing we can add is Old Tools should migrate to Python Environments extension as a required dependency. Python extension will do best effort to bridge cases where Old tools can't migrate.

To consume these APIs you can look at the example here:
https://github.com/microsoft/vscode-python-environments/blob/main/src/examples/README.md

## Environments, Tools and Python Language Services

> This section is a brief overview of how the Python extension interacts with the Python Environments and Package Manager extension, and other Tools extensions. Tools extension here include Debugpy, Linters (Pylint, Flake8, Mypy, etc), Formatters (Black, autopep8, etc), and Language Server extensions (Pylance, Jedi, etc), Environment and Package Manager extensions (Pixi, Conda, Hatch, etc). 

Reviewer: Suggesting edit based on response above
```suggestion
This section is a brief overview of how the Python extension interacts with the Python Environments and Package Manager extension, and other Tools extensions. Tools extension here include Debugpy, Linters (Pylint, Flake8, Mypy, etc), Formatters (Black, autopep8, etc), and Language Server extensions (Pylance, Jedi, etc), Environment and Package Manager extensions (Pixi, Conda, Hatch, etc). 

Old tools in this scenario refer to any extension that depends on the Python extension API for Python environment details. New tools depend on the Python Environments extension.
```

To consume these APIs you can look at the example here:
https://github.com/microsoft/vscode-python-environments/blob/main/src/examples/README.md

> 

Author: That is good feedback. Let me add some context.

To consume these APIs you can look at the example here:
https://github.com/microsoft/vscode-python-environments/blob/main/src/examples/README.md

## Extension Dependency

This section provides an overview of how the Python extension interacts with the Python Environments extension and other tool-specific extensions. The Python Environments extension allows users to create, manage, and remove Python environments and packages. It also provides an API that other extensions can use to support environment management or consume it for running Python tools or projects.  

> The tools that rely on these extensions include:

Reviewer: This title isnt really clear to me.....is this intended to be a list of examples of tools extensions or a list of extensions that can rely on the Python extension?

Author: List of examples of tools extensions.

> The tools that rely on these extensions include:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Tools that may rely on these APIs in their own extensions include:
```
